Fix readme (#282)
strapi/gatsby-source-strapi: README.md

![webhook setup](./assets/webhook.png)

- [Preview webhook](https://support.gatsbyjs.com/hc/en-us/articles/360052324394-Build-and-Preview-Webhooks)

At this point each time you create an entry the webhooks will trigger a new build a deploy your new Gatsby site.

- In the Site settings, Environment variables fill the:
  - Build variables with the following:
    - STRAPI_API_URL with the url of your deployed Strapi application
    - STRAPI_TOKEN with your build API TOKEN
  - Preview variables:
    - STRAPI_API_URL with the url of your deployed Strapi application
    - STRAPI_TOKEN with your preview API TOKEN

### Enabling Content Sync

#### Installing the @strapi/plugin-gatsby-preview

In order to enable Gatsby Content Sync and integrate it in your Strapi CMS you need to install the `@strapi/plugin-gatsby-preview` in your Strapi project:

##### Using yarn

```sh
cd my-strapi-app

yarn add @strapi/plugin-gatsby-preview
```

##### Using npm

```sh
cd my-strapi-app
npm install --save @strapi/plugin-gatsby-preview
```

#### Configurations

Once the plugin is installed you will need to configure it in the plugin's settings section.

> - In the Collection types or the Single Types tab enable when enabling the **preview** it will inject a button in the content manager edit view of the corresponding collection type. So, after creating an entry (draft or published) when clicking on the **Open Gatsby preview** button you will be redirected to the Gatsby preview page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the Collection types or the Single Types tab, when enabling the **preview**, it will inject a button in the content manager edit view of the corresponding content type. So, after creating an entry (draft or published), clicking on the **Open Gatsby preview** button will redirect you to the Gatsby preview page.
```
